Add potential evapotranspiration method based on Droogers and Allen (2002) (#1723)
Ouranosinc/xclim: CHANGES.rst

v0.49.0 (unreleased)
--------------------
Contributors to this version: Trevor James Smith (:user:`Zeitsperre`), Pascal Bourgault (:user:`aulemahal`), Juliette Lavoie (:user:`juliettelavoie`), David Huard (:user:`huard`), Gabriel Rondeau-Genesse (:user:`RondeauG`), Javier Diez-Sierra (:user:`JavierDiezSierra`).

Announcements
^^^^^^^^^^^^^
* `xclim` has migrated its development branch name from `master` to `main`. (:issue:`1667`, :pull:`1669`).

New features and enhancements
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> * Indicator ``xclim.indices.potential_evapotranspiration`` now accepts a new value (`DA02`) for argument `method` implementing potential evapotranspiration based on Droogers and Allen (2002). (:issue:`1710`, :pull:`1723`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Indicator ``xclim.atmos.potential_evapotranspiration`` and indice ``xclim.indices.potential_evapotranspiration`` now accept a new value (`DA02`) for argument `method` implementing potential evapotranspiration based on Droogers and Allen (2002). (:issue:`1710`, :pull:`1723`).
```
